Welcome to "Conway Game of Life"!

The game of life has no competition between game players, and there is no winning or losing. It can be classified as a simulation game.
In fact, it is also named "Game of Life" because the images it simulates and displays look a lot like the birth and reproduction of life.
As the game progresses, the disordered cells gradually evolve into various delicate, tangible structures; these structures tend to have great symmetry and change shape with each generation.
Some shapes, once locked, do not change from generation to generation.
Sometimes, some already formed structures are destroyed by the "invasion" of some disordered cells.
But shape and order can often emerge from clutter.

A life cell can be placed in each square, and each life cell has only two states:"Dead or Alive".
A black square indicates that the cell is "live", and a blank (white) indicates that the cell is "dead". In other words, the black part of the grid represents the distribution map of a certain "life" at a certain time.

What Game of Life wants to simulate is how this distribution map will change from generation to generation over time.

In "Conway's Game of Life", the following laws of survival are prescribed.
(1) When the current cell is in a dead state, when there are 3 surviving cells around it, the cell becomes a surviving state after iteration (simulated reproduction); if it was originally alive, it remains unchanged.
(2) When the current cell is in the survival state, when the surrounding neighbor cells are less than two (not including two) survival, the cell becomes a dead state (simulating the scarcity of life).
(3) When the current cell is in a viable state, when there are two or three viable cells around, the cell remains as it is.
(4) When the current cell is in a viable state, when there are more than 3 viable cells around, the cell becomes a dead state (simulating too many lives).

Press C or Clear to kill all cells.
Press the S key to save the world as it is currently.
Press other keys to start (or stop) the passage of time in the world.
Modify the file path pointed to by __path__.txt to read how a world looks when saved.
Modify the values in __init__.txt to modify the properties of the world when you create it.
